Work come back.
Now in this video I would like to give you some hints for the next exercise.
And that is to read d'Artois selection.
See as we file and calculate which name was assigned most often in the whole USA or the whole country
of the USA.
So pretty much which name is the one that was given most of the time and first read the data into a
dictionary and count how often each first name occurs then analyze the dictionary and find out the most
common first name.
And note that if you want to add two numbers you may have to convert a string to a number.
Write all your code into one cell.
So the one cell thing why would you do that.
Well if we check this out here we open a file like that and we have done that in the past where we say
data slash names start see as the and type of opening and it's going to be read and now in here for
a line in a file I could print the line and then break.
So if I do that and actually I'm having an error because file is not known so after execute.
Now I can execute it.
And you can see now I get ID name year and so forth.
Now I executed again.
I get the first entry I get the second entry the third entry and so forth.
So as you can see this is not really what we would like to have.
So use the same cell that will really help you.
So instead of doing it in two different cells do it in one cell and by by cell I mean these blocks here
that we have.
OK.
Then of course you can use with open here and there will be the cleaner version because then your file
will be closed as soon as it's not required anymore or some as its work is done.
And here we need to enter as a file and then we run the code and the code that we would like to run
would be for example this for loop here and always be careful with the indents the indentation that
it's always correct.
Now if you run that and you can use it differently.
OK.
And then about this number thing that I was talking about where you should add two numbers together.
Be careful because you get them in a string so something like.
Yeah.
Let's have a look here 15 plus 13.
If you look at it you see it's 1513.
And that's just a string right.
It's just concatenated to each other.
So be careful with that.
Convert them into the right type which is number or string.
And then you can work with it.
All right.
So these were just some tips.
Now please go ahead and use this approach.
And of course you need to use dictionaries right because otherwise it might become difficult to find
out the real answer to your question.
So good luck with that and see you in the next video where I'm going to give you some more advice on
how to get it done.
So here's generally the task then some tips and then the next video will gets even more tips if you
feel like you need any.